Header  Data:
E-Commerce /ONLINE SHOPPING MOBILE APPLICATION
FOR Shopowners / CUSTOMERS
Sammridh is an online E-commerce mobile application for local-grocery shopowners. To buy grocery from your nearby grocery store, download the app now

features:
here we give equal opportunity to all the local grocery store owners to come online and sell their products online on our platform.
Partner Application: 
1) virtual shop:
your store will be on our application the way you want to.
even if you close your physical store your online store is open for shopping 
2) Customer Requirement: 
We know you take care of all the needs of customers but by any slightest chance, you don't have a product at your store at that time you can call us any time we will deliver that product to you in few moments.
3) Easy Gui:
we made an application that is very easy to use and take orders just the way you will like.
4) We are there:
We assure you the 24*7 customer support by any chance you go stuck somewhere, let us know at +91 8989955226.
5) Increase your Reach:

Newly added space :

Samriddh is the online shopping platform that strictly supports the mission #vocalforlocal here we are providing the local grocery/pharmaceuticals/fruits and vegetable shop owners to come and sell their products online and increase their business online.
There will be many offers which they will provide to the consumers which they fail to provide as a single unit but now we all will be united on this platform and will make our mission of making central India digitalize that each and every shop owner will be online and selling products to the remotest area of the town.

Sammirdh consumer application is the most fun and advanced application use as a user it gives you the complete virtual shopping experience as in you are standing into the shop and choosing products creating your monthly inventory in the application as at the month-end you don't have to check the kitchen before purchasing your grocerry application knows what you have in the kitchen and what you need to buy this month and on the rates which you would love to buy and there's always exciting gift vouchers waiting for you and when we say every time we mean it. the quality you will be getting is assured by us you will be getting the premium quality products only.

Why choose us when there are cheaper products available in the market? the question we came across every time we meet the customer.
Our answer is simple we give you the experience as in you are standing in the store and picking the products in our hand and going to order that to your doorstep without any difficulties, and just in case you don't like it what you got from the store you can contact the store and demand for an instant replacement as the store is in your neighborhood that won't be any issues for anyone. this was just in case type scenario we as a Sammridh Parivar also strive for the best user experience and by now in our mail, there are most of the mails which are for praising our services than to ask for a change.
if we fail to provide what we say kindly let us know that because, in the end, you matter to us!

What monthly subscription is?
If you as a customer subscribe to is we will be delivering you the best quality grocery and your daily essentials like medicines in the minimum possible rate with proper billing and we don't serve you as a customer you are more like family to us we will take care of all your needs of the month from the toothbrush to your after-dinner yogurt we will give you the best experience of living by giving you the best products and services. 


details:
decide the shop you want to buy products and shop 

easy grocery shopping
getting the best quality at your doorstep
burden free and easy shopping of your daily essentials
you can apply for a monthly grocery subscription for free and let us deliver you everything that you need for that month
You can contact to store manager anytime after placing the order.
customer support from samriddh you can contact us anytime.


FAQ:
Kindly check the FAQ below if you are not very familiar with the functioning of this moible application. If your query is of urgent nature and is different from the set of questions then please contact us at:
Email: id daal dena
Call us: +91 8989955226
from 10 am & 10 pm on all days including Sunday to get our immediate help

Seller: 
Q: How do I register?
Answer: You can register by clicking on the "Sign Up" on mobile application. Please provide the information in the form that appears. You can review the terms and conditions and submit the registration information.

Q: How long dose it take to process to taek your shop online?
Answer: less then a min, Yes its that easy download now!(Partner link)

Q: How many coustomers/ orders i will get if i get associated with you?
Answer: Here we belive in team working we are wrking over nights to reach your nearby coustomers but we do epect that you will also do the same and market your shop in some ways to increse your sales through application. If you dont want that burdun try our prime plan.

Q: Why is it req. to upload gumasta?
Answer: Just to check the crediblity of shop and shop dose have the physical existance because in samrridh we belive what our eyes can see.

Q: What happend to your order Data/Shop Data?
Answer: We keep your data incrypted and can only be decrypted using your id and passwords.

User: 
Q: How do I register?
Answer: You can register by clicking on the "Sign Up" on mobile application. Please provide the information in the form that appears. You can review the terms and conditions and submit the registration information.

Q: Where do you deliver?
Answer: At the present time, Samriddh delivers/Samriddh Partners only in Indore city.

Q: How good is the quality of the products?
Answer: All products passes quality check before coming to your doorcheck. However, if you are still not satisfied with the quality you may immediately return it at the time of delivery.

Q: How do I cancel an order?
Answer: You can cancel an order online on the day of the order placed. You may call shop-owner for cancellation before the final process (Ready For Pickup/Out For Delivery) of your order.

Q: What are the modes of payment?
Answer: Cash on Delivery or Online Payment whatever shopowner is ready to accept we are linent that way.


